Add maintenance notice (#44)
StylishThemes/Discourse-Dark: README.md

> ### :warning: This project is currently not maintained. Discourse has implemented their own Dark Mode which can be tried out at https://try.discourse.org/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### :warning: NOTICE This project is currently not maintained, [looking for contributors](https://github.com/StylishThemes/Discourse-Dark/issues/42). 

> NOTE: Discourse has implemented native Dark Mode which can be tried out at https://try.discourse.org/.
```
